Xiangguo Sun: Can you hear me I.
Xiangguo Sun: can hear my eyes.
Xiangguo Sun: hey guys, can you hear my voice.
Xiangguo Sun: My voice now.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, thank you and we'll just start film as later.
Xiangguo Sun: Hello guys it's time to start.
Xiangguo Sun: You can hear my voice right now.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay Okay, thank you, so this is the so ones waste tutorial and nice to see you again, after a long, hard day.
Xiangguo Sun: And I guess many of the guys had.
Xiangguo Sun: I guess many guys have already wanting to have a wonderful time in your holiday right inside our how to say that it's your your first project is coming near to the deadline right.
Xiangguo Sun: And if I remember right, I think that the the line of your first project, then.
Xiangguo Sun: So it's only have a few days to finish your final submissions and as previous slide I will try to track your information, to make sure your summations inconsistent with the requirement and I will also try to turn and I will also try to find some submission, which are not in good good.
Xiangguo Sun: Foot forward, and then I will send you.
Xiangguo Sun: an email to notify you.
Xiangguo Sun: So I will try to start this work tomorrow and maybe we can finish checking all the submissions this week so and then send your email on weekends, so that means before Monday or.
Xiangguo Sun: Before this be counts if you're in if you want.
Xiangguo Sun: received any notification about me that's me in your estimation might be good, you know the performance might be good but.
Xiangguo Sun: You need but but, but I hope you guys can submit as early as possible, because I will only check for these ones, I mean tomorrow, Friday, I will try to check or some nations.
Xiangguo Sun: for you to to make sure that submission, this is in good form of and after that, I mean the next week after the deal date.
Xiangguo Sun: I think I want check the your submission again so so that means after today, maybe I will formally started the evaluation for our first project, so I encourage you to submit that, as early as possible okay ah.
Xiangguo Sun: You say, have any further help of how you know first approach in this way, you can just get one of the things our appointment and and that.
Xiangguo Sun: In this option, I think I have more than three students are new need to meet with me so i'm a little busy today and, if you want to make an.
Xiangguo Sun: Appointment appointment, maybe you have to choose tomorrow or this weekend.
Xiangguo Sun: And don't hesitate to send me your email to me again appointment with me.
Xiangguo Sun: So, as you can say.
Xiangguo Sun: In the.
Xiangguo Sun: In the previous weeks, I mean from bigger to to big cities that lecture slide is merlin electric slide isn't many produce bump bump by myself and the derivative that by this is sassy another.
Xiangguo Sun: Another tutor over this course, but from this week's and in the following weeks the the slides will milling produced by Miss Johnson, and then I will try my best to corroborate with her.
Xiangguo Sun: We can't are will will work, work, work together to make the the following slides good, and I have also too I also need to tell you that.
Xiangguo Sun: Some of you guys might be.
Xiangguo Sun: Preparing for your final exam now so as you can say it if you are preparing for our final exam at the most important content.
Xiangguo Sun: manning come from the past six weeks so from way to to two weeks with six the content of during this period, during this period, might take you up about more than 6% 60% of your final exam So if you are focusing on your final exam Maybe you can just start to.
Xiangguo Sun: record the content from week to week seven from being to to be six and for for this week and into the end of the Semester.
Xiangguo Sun: That content might be more easier to understand and your want need to focus on that that the calculation to manage and monitor content you just need to be familiar with that and I think some of them might be.
Xiangguo Sun: You know, might be more advanced topics so maybe they're even out of scope in your intellectual or in the desk the lecture or in the following tutorial, so I will so in the photo ways I will.
Xiangguo Sun: tell you which points are important in in the final exam but, but then you will find most of the content, you just need to be familiar with that and that's enough.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, so in today there's also means in in the following weeks out we actually don't have too much to say about the.
Xiangguo Sun: The contents, you know the because the continent might be very easier and maybe the Tongue will be short, but if you have any further questions in previous slides I mean from week to week itself, but she took to make things you can also propose the question to me okay.
Xiangguo Sun: So in today's material our, as usual, I will first try to elaborate on the Queen the Queen for, and then we will try to introduce some basic idea about this week's lecture.
Xiangguo Sun: And the week, for I think the focus on the content phone with sex and we're men and talk about the society that influence the hammer fairly and account balance right, and this is the first question in our in the quiz for.
Xiangguo Sun: So the first question says, which of the following statements around and that the first item, when individual get a connected, one can preserve this wasteful a certificate in their connectivity.
Xiangguo Sun: not work, and I think that straightforward that are absolutely right right for the.
Xiangguo Sun: For the similarity between two people, which are connected, so I think this statement is correct, and the second in networks versus other activity.
Xiangguo Sun: This is similar nodes are connected to one another, more than similar knows, and this apparently around because they're so talented actress nervous minority.
Xiangguo Sun: and add the fourth the third section, the third choice as activities, the most common composer the paradigm upon on Lincoln individual, and I think there's this right and the three common forces it ruins the.
Xiangguo Sun: home affiliate and a confounding you can still find that these three guys in the lecture right so that's just the take up briefly, I take a brief overview of about.
Xiangguo Sun: The influence to have affiliate and a confounding and I think you just need to be familiar with the concept, the concept that's enough, for example, users need to know what's the influence the influence, maybe means the.
Xiangguo Sun: user.
Xiangguo Sun: effect and now another years or so, it just the character, the process, you know the process between two years or and.
Xiangguo Sun: In order to preserve the influence you need to make sure these two guys are the two years are actually connected, because if we're isolated with each other, they cannot affect each other right so visit the influence and in order to in order to analyze info influence the further.
Xiangguo Sun: We also propose a very famous algorithm that the influence model right and we'll talk about later in the algorithm and for the home of La is actually.
Xiangguo Sun: described as the similar disparity between the two different individuals, so I think the whole family can be treated as the results.
Xiangguo Sun: Of the influence you know, maybe in the initial stages to people are very different, and now they somehow get connected and then they try to impact each other and the best time going to become more and more similar so there's a saying goes, named.
Xiangguo Sun: The Birds fly together right.
Xiangguo Sun: that's actually saying that the end result of of the impacts from from different people which can make different people become more and more similar.
Xiangguo Sun: The confounding as trade that environment to force which can make in the new lead singer and they can annotate so.
Xiangguo Sun: First, today, you need to be familiar with all these concepts that's means in your funnel with them, maybe we can just a direct copy this sentence in the.
Xiangguo Sun: In your classroom and you just need to to make sure whether this statement is correct or around, so I think, maybe you will find this kind of question the often you know finally get down.
Xiangguo Sun: and other things about the relation between these three concepts know the confounding but influenced and the hub of failing and that, as we previously said the compounding can be treated it as the external force to make people.
Xiangguo Sun: become similar and that the influence a is actually.
Xiangguo Sun: built on the connection right, because if you don't have connections with other people, you cannot have other you cannot influence others.
Xiangguo Sun: And when you influence other or you'll be impacted by the other people your attitude, you know, become the the same guys you're become more and more similar so that's the similarities, the results of the.
Xiangguo Sun: influence and the same different pete but, since our people can add to the about each other and more similar than disconnected the ones, and we will we call this because it's.
Xiangguo Sun: Because they situation as the hall of fame.
Xiangguo Sun: So this is the cause and effect, and I think this features are important to remember.
Xiangguo Sun: and
Xiangguo Sun: This the opposite the continent from the nitrogen for that that thing this is very easy to understand, so I don't think either well our.
Xiangguo Sun: Existing our final exam and here you can see an example in the real life, talking about the influence Hama Hama failure and the confounding so basically a user need to know the difference between these three concept.
Xiangguo Sun: The influence is build on the connectivity right, so it is a small girlfriends influence other none none none a smoker France, because the and please note that the statement of the most important word in this in this sentence is a friend's.
Xiangguo Sun: A smoker cannot influence others which don't have any no social connection with them, because I don't know this guy's right so.
Xiangguo Sun: And this guy that's I mean, I cannot be influenced by by this guy but now these sentences, they are friends, so the France been to actually have some connections in their social life or in their daily life and the other friends, maybe some other relationships that can also.
Xiangguo Sun: Allow the influence of flow along this path of follow along this.
Xiangguo Sun: along this communication, for example, maybe some were famous popular guys he maybe she's like a smoking.
Xiangguo Sun: And i'm at a standoff with him and then I will be impacted and maybe I will also like it, the smoky rises so let's talk about the influence and the key off of the influence the key point of influence is usually first.
Xiangguo Sun: build the connectivity between the individuals so that's, the most important thing about the influence so when you try to differentiate that influence.
Xiangguo Sun: or when you try to discriminate discriminate here that the influence homophobia and the combat the you need to know.
Xiangguo Sun: The key points about the influence is the productivity right, you need to build the relations between different individuals.
Xiangguo Sun: And that the hum affected tub the means to smoke should become friends why because the senior people are more likely to to be France than this meter people's so the home offending says.
Xiangguo Sun: The initial stage of the home of beloved means maybe we don't have any.
Xiangguo Sun: relationship, whether we are similar and we meet each and sometimes we need spot absent and we find will be at where we are the same people and then with the Conference, so the homicide it tells about the process to connected.
Xiangguo Sun: The killer to create of the the relationship and that the confounding talk about the external environment right so that's mean and that the sentences.
Xiangguo Sun: claim that there are lots of places that people can spoke and a smoking is a tab on local culture, so in this sentence.
Xiangguo Sun: The most important word is a lot of places in the local storage and, as you can see the pluses and the local structure is accurate beyond the individual it's just the additional environment right.
Xiangguo Sun: which can influence you so this three different parts of the difference between these three concepts and I think this the, the only important thing you need to know about this.
Xiangguo Sun: content.
Xiangguo Sun: The second question which other spin I promised them in a month or two around the first choice influence is a process by which, in the visual.
Xiangguo Sun: effects and now they're in the vehicle such that the flow when the influence individual becomes more similar to the influential feature.
Xiangguo Sun: and actually I think this correct and we talked about or willing to come about influence, just as a previous yourself, the most important thing is, you need to do the connectivity right so that means an individual as an individual and that the result is the constant learner.
Xiangguo Sun: And is the home of failing.
Xiangguo Sun: Tell us about another thing it tells about the similar people are more likely to be connected, so the second choice at the home affiliate is a reserve in already similar individual yes, because for two different people are are not similar they cannot they cannot.
Xiangguo Sun: be connected right each other so that's not the home of at the hospital tell us about the process of building connected connectivity.
Xiangguo Sun: And the third choice, confounding is the environment if those under me are making do it was similar in that this is the sick, this thing sentence in.
Xiangguo Sun: Our lecture right, so this correctly so there's our business correct and the fourth choice, confounding for us is that is an internal factors that are dependent on inter individual interactive interactions.
Xiangguo Sun: And I think this around because is actually the external factor right, so this is.
Xiangguo Sun: Not crowded, but please know that this sounds have another claim it says the confounding is dependent on intra individual interactions is it that's correct or is that crowd.
Xiangguo Sun: And I always and I don't think so because the because, just as previous.
Xiangguo Sun: Other previous example, you can see, the local culture can be treated as a cop out on the bread and the local tower can be treated as that external environment that will talk about that local couch it actually the group level.
Xiangguo Sun: The group level behaviors and it actually contain many individual people's, so I think it has no relationship between you know between the Indian middle level behavior right.
Xiangguo Sun: So, but this sentence, I think the main.
Xiangguo Sun: Put that the most evident arrow in this sentence about the internal factor and things should be changed as the Asterix after.
Xiangguo Sun: The third classroom was the modularity and in our previous in last week's Torah we talked about the authenticity and I now show you, and now I don't show you any equation value that so that to me, but if you remember.
Xiangguo Sun: That or if you record that content carefully, you might remember that the also the territory is actually consists of two parts right if you.
Xiangguo Sun: If you're trying to record the authenticity equation in six awaits electric and then maybe yoga remember that but also activity consists of two parts, the first part is the expectation.
Xiangguo Sun: And the second part is is the real order narrative right, so this is the second part is how to calculate the modularity and you can just directly refer to this.
Xiangguo Sun: equation.
Xiangguo Sun: to calculate the modularity and.
Xiangguo Sun: I know this equation seems complicated and it's hard to remember, so what should I do if.
Xiangguo Sun: We if there's a question, you can say is that, in your final exam and I think if if you are asked to calculate the modularity your final exam and the since you cannot take take the book right, and I think I might give you this equation.
Xiangguo Sun: I don't see it, maybe you know, maybe I will.
Xiangguo Sun: give you this equation.
Xiangguo Sun: A pendant on the real of the question and then maybe you can just refer to this question that calculated the the.
Xiangguo Sun: Commodity so that's me in the first day you need to know how to calculate the modularity by the magic of his methods, you need to know the meaning of you know that you are.
Xiangguo Sun: In the trees have an edge right and that the end was the minister am you can stay there, and actually the number of agents right and the delta metric the metric would be how the cake of that was the makeup of that so you need to move that.
Xiangguo Sun: are true said hi, we were told, some equation will be provided in the year, but you just need to know that some equation, not all the questions.
Xiangguo Sun: Because you know some very similar but simple equation, maybe, maybe not be included in the question, but I, but I guess this question, I think it's too complicated and it's hard to remember, so I think it will be highly possible to you know to be provided in the classroom.
Xiangguo Sun: So you can just sit but but no matter how I think the most important things is the first need to know the meaning of each components right if you if you don't know the meaning, then even your provided with the equation, you cannot you you don't know how to get the answer.
Xiangguo Sun: So this graph actually have two types and lots of time and the right tab and I actually I also tell me the type in the.
Xiangguo Sun: In the question right, and then you can see let's say there are two types of knows the left side is a one time and the right, the right side, is it the other type so that means you have to, and that.
Xiangguo Sun: Much credit is our trade.
Xiangguo Sun: refer to the first type and the second column refer to the second type and each line in the natural refer to.
Xiangguo Sun: The notes inconsistent with their index right so there's another 12345 if know to one you don't have the first time, the way we use one to indicate its type and if you use zero to integrate indicated the other types, so this is the amount of the to construct that the delta metric and.
Xiangguo Sun: The magic eight is just that the.
Xiangguo Sun: agent the battery, so it is very simple right, and then you just need to calculate the beta be the match will be according to the equation, and in order to calculate.
Xiangguo Sun: You also need the the factor D and it's the degree of actors, so, for example, the no one had different to so we ascend to hear right and.
Xiangguo Sun: They just need to calculate this matchup and and I think this is very easy to to turn to to calculate tonight for them to transpose of the metric do is just that the line from that numbers and then you just need to calculate the product to offer them that's enough.
Xiangguo Sun: Maybe you have final exam maybe either also use this graph but there's some different.
Xiangguo Sun: values, for example, maybe, maybe of your remove this age.
Xiangguo Sun: or remote this age, if I remove the the angel we want to, we want to be five that means you just need to change the metrics a.
Xiangguo Sun: And you don't need to change the delta metric right, but you need to update that Dr D and also updated the value of air and then.
Xiangguo Sun: follow this equation, to get the new answer so if you're if you're prepared for up for a final exam Maybe you can use this question to that's you be more familiar based on our team.
Xiangguo Sun: And the next question is powered by hogtied grafton this graph The other thing or the previous question so for the underwriter with it, but part of that graph which determines around and this question isn't more.
Xiangguo Sun: is easier than the previous question right because.
Xiangguo Sun: The answer is just listed here see if you know how to calculate monitoring it and then you can get the answer for this cousin very easy.
Xiangguo Sun: This this cluster and talk about the.
Xiangguo Sun: The correlation, I think, and I think this is the most difficult part in the total course for the for the calculations.
Xiangguo Sun: So if you can handle this calculation that's mean you will get done will handle all the other tech problems and out, and please remember that I also provide handle are a reference and.
Xiangguo Sun: we're ready to show you how to tackle that in detail in the piazza you can turn to our peers to download the PDF and they will find that the detail to calculate them, and I think, maybe the original equation might also be provided in the in the final exam, but the problem is this.
Xiangguo Sun: equation is a very abstract abstract I mean, for example, if you need maybe I will just give you this equation, but when you try to calculate this equation, you need to know how to calculate the each component right.
Xiangguo Sun: So this is the details about that, and I think, maybe you just need to follow our previous slide in the piazza and then you will get the correct answer.
Xiangguo Sun: And also, please note that this cousin ask you to calculate the covariance, but we also have a normalized a version that covariance because the Pearson correlation right so when you.
Xiangguo Sun: conduct your your nose down, you need to tip to read it, the classic very carefully and make sure whether the question asked you to calculate the covariance or the normalize the conference, because both the answer my the exists in the choices.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, so this is the question sakes, I will also release that put the total answers that have quizzes the output visit toro.
Xiangguo Sun: And that's, the question is there it's a very straightforward and which of the following around according to small world graph model if you are not familiar with that small world graph model Maybe you can refer to our.
Xiangguo Sun: With the same tutorial I think I think I told them in a way to see and week five tutorial so in order.
Xiangguo Sun: To further choice, out of that arm and that's roku is a high class terrain cannot be, at the same time, the small world and it's totally around because when you record the the process of generating small words, you will find we actually start from the blood taste the.
Xiangguo Sun: mishap has a high, but fixed across the inquiry ference and then we randomly replace some some edges and then what were generated the another a graph which can follow the distribution.
Xiangguo Sun: The power distribution or the small bro.
Xiangguo Sun: graph so Actually, I think that a natural is a high pastor and can actually be the same time as a small world.
Xiangguo Sun: And the second choice says it's more to provide insights and the interplay between clustering and the regular.
Xiangguo Sun: In that case, and I think it's mostly he says a talk about how the generated small world and apparently is cracked.
Xiangguo Sun: The third choice in the small word modal a parameter controls randomness in a model and when big equal to 02 motors that play a record lattes.
Xiangguo Sun: and also the first choice this church process actually just derived from this model right, so you just need to return back to that amount of.
Xiangguo Sun: You don't need to know their details about this model, because when that in your final exam maybe we're just just doesn't need to know to be familiar with that maybe we maybe we just.
Xiangguo Sun: Maybe we just asked for you, you know the.
Xiangguo Sun: The relation between the small world and the case, and maybe we'll ask for better we can generate the small world and how to generate a small world in the be maybe you will meet some some questions you need to answer the question.
Xiangguo Sun: To to tell you to tell us the method you know when when we asked you how to generate the small world you just need to tell you.
Xiangguo Sun: We can't interest my word by by this model and this model said we first got with the stars from from from the lattes and we just replace that the edges and you just need to describe that the the overview of this model and then you will get the full marks, I think.
Xiangguo Sun: So that's means your final exam may be included this the some not the choices problem and some calculation problems and then maybe maybe it will be also means some you know statement, which means you need to make a statement about some some types of problems.
Xiangguo Sun: And this class and said recently, the following statements regarding influence modeling.
Xiangguo Sun: When it comes to the influence and modeling.
Xiangguo Sun: I also want to ask you that when you.
Xiangguo Sun: When you said that the influence in the first two remember that it actually build out the connectivity right.
Xiangguo Sun: And then we also have a model name the linear model which can.
Xiangguo Sun: describe the process of the flow winced about that that influence into network, so I introduced this modal in our last two weeks tutorial and I will.
Xiangguo Sun: tell you more details again later so basically These are four choices that seems.
Xiangguo Sun: All talk this seems all talk about program ballads and the.
Xiangguo Sun: linear search with model right okay so that's maybe we just need to record that and.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay i'll give you some.
Xiangguo Sun: You can see how about this model, so this is the linear says food model introducing our previous slides and.
Xiangguo Sun: The model start from our initial nodes which had already been activated and then it started to try to influence his neighbors so for each neighbor maybe, for example, what the note to its need to evaluate all the influence.
Xiangguo Sun: He accepted from his neighbors and on the industry instagram there's only one neighbor have a way to just a week one so that's the way to can only be influenced by what you want, and the he has his own thresholds are points that are appointed eight but the influence we want to provide.
Xiangguo Sun: is only 4.5 is smaller than upon eight so that's mean in this stage in this stage that another way to cannot be impacted by may be by one.
Xiangguo Sun: But when we talk when we turn to the three we can find the dress code is a point seven and, though we weren't we weren't an impactful can provide the appointed eight to restore it so that's me with or it can be.
Xiangguo Sun: influenced right but, but this graph this feature I think it's a little ambiguous, because if a leader you think that the note to just enable.
Xiangguo Sun: It just be impacted or influenced by is by one of his you know father's right, but actually the linear says the model is not talking about you know one.
Xiangguo Sun: parent is actually all his parents influence you actually need to to to calculate that the summation of all his parents are all his the activated parents influence, but this graph.
Xiangguo Sun: You know boss, we to and basically the, the only one parents, so this claim is not up of yours today shown in this part, but when we talk about that before we can say that we need to consider all his parents have asked me that we need to consider v3 and a beach.
Xiangguo Sun: And we need to calculate the summation of all his activated Father right, but sadly this graph has only one other.
Xiangguo Sun: Well, one parents being activated so just indicate that oh point one and compare them with the threats of before, but in your final exam maybe either tryna disbrow.
Xiangguo Sun: So that means you know final exam maybe sometimes you might assign both week, two and three are then you know are activated so that's time we'll consider before.
Xiangguo Sun: you'll need to first today, you need to first calculate the summation of what we three end of week be right, so that may cause the different results of this graph.
Xiangguo Sun: So this is the linear model and later, we will also learn another modal talking valid information cascades which are very similar, which is very similar to the linear model and then we'll we'll talk about them later in details.
Xiangguo Sun: So now let's go back to the question person and see what they've had talking about the first choice than.
Xiangguo Sun: To model can be used him, other than a tweet influence apparently legit right, and the second choice, this model is this simple but effective model for moderating influence in southern Idaho yes apparently.
Xiangguo Sun: In which knows make decision knows make decisions based on the influence come coming from they're already activated neighborhoods and.
Xiangguo Sun: Maybe your final exam Maybe other change this sentence other said, our invasion those make the serum based on.
Xiangguo Sun: That influence coming from one of his father of one of his parents, if I change the sentence, as this statements that mean this around right because you need to calculate all the.
Xiangguo Sun: influence from from from from all the activity neighbors with and actually if one knows his big is activated he can he can active others all the time.
Xiangguo Sun: Right see that's mean she has multiple time to actually others, but other than later, when we talk about the the information that if the information cascade mode or your we see the difference.
Xiangguo Sun: The third choice that is no the choices are rescued random a from the uniform distribution yeah interrupt between during the war and, yes, that is correct, so that means what that means, this process actually.
Xiangguo Sun: admit this process, it cannot be guaranteed to repeat it.
Xiangguo Sun: With that, because the threshold is not actually fix it it's just a random value generated and.
Xiangguo Sun: This is the third choice and the first shot at time T own those that were active in the previous steps become.
Xiangguo Sun: inactive additive.
Xiangguo Sun: All knows that more active become inactive I think that's wrong because, just as our previous previous research, so if a notice until he can you know you can actually others all the time.
Xiangguo Sun: So I don't think this crowd and on windows or read them to meditate for time together child to the others time at the parenting that this is totally around.
Xiangguo Sun: OK, the next question I think it's about the regular taste and we also talked about work out taste the other way to fly tutorial I think.
Xiangguo Sun: When you talk about book when it comes about when it comes to the record that he's doing it for to calculate to to remember you know the equation, you know to to to judge whether a pair from those should have an age.
Xiangguo Sun: You know the equation right the mean the Max and to find the distance between the node ids.
Xiangguo Sun: So this question said a regular activities degrees say equal to four and 10 nose, so this webinar is I think it's just the same as our lectures so with you and doesn't return for trouble extras and the to to to find which of the following is a correct the first the first claim on.
Xiangguo Sun: A regular head is a special case of like your networks, where there is a multiple patents on how older his nose, I can add to one another.
Xiangguo Sun: I don't think it's correct because actually if we if you're a given the degree and then those number, you can already sure fixed.
Xiangguo Sun: Regular that hey so that's mean there's only one pouch on yeah and the second choice, there is an age connecting another one another, we we throw it and the alignments that that's a nice choice.
Xiangguo Sun: I think the most important thing is about.
Xiangguo Sun: it's about the the equation, you know Union for to take the minor between are not four minus one is equal history, and these are less than half of the half of the degree and.
Xiangguo Sun: For this case you need to calculate a nine minute by one and two junior also you're also to Plaza wisdom was the total number right here that says calculate that and even you don't know the equation, you can just direct to get the answer via joy.
Xiangguo Sun: Instead of this graph and then you're fine but there's two nodes that are actually not about each other and.
Xiangguo Sun: The false choice in this regular that he knows that are connected to the previous four and following for unknown and totally around because the debrief with as I mean you just the can add to their premier to end the following two.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, so this tells me about an hour tm and because we you conducted this on a quiz actually you don't know the detail about it about this about this motor rain so that's me all your guys will get a full marks, no matter, no, no matter which choice your truth.
Xiangguo Sun: But apparently you know families out your will neither gather this lucky things and.
Xiangguo Sun: The following our tier and procedure for the following graph assuming that the thresholds, not all the services are up on the fly and that, in the initial stage, the v3 is activated.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, so in this initial stage, we celebrated and it asks.
Xiangguo Sun: Which of the following those will be activated at time one, so you just need to calculate one hop right OK, so the initial in the initial stage we threes activated and that's talking about sweet to in a way to.
Xiangguo Sun: Actually, we need to check both, we need to check with three before and the wi fi because all of them are the neighbors are afraid to, but in the initial stage before end of the fight are not.
Xiangguo Sun: activated only referees activated so it doesn't mean that we to attend only receives or Point six, which is the larger than upon the fine so apparently to sort of be activated at a time one right.
Xiangguo Sun: And how about who we for.
Xiangguo Sun: You know, we three we six wi fi there's three guys that can influence the way for, but in the initial stage, possibly six and a vote by an activated only research right, so he can provide upon three, which is less resist smaller that all quantified Okay, so he just.
Xiangguo Sun: and
Xiangguo Sun: How about we six.
Xiangguo Sun: also open up, for it is smaller than qualified right okay so that's mean.
Xiangguo Sun: The credit answer is way too.
Xiangguo Sun: But I think this question has some a little tiny problem.
Xiangguo Sun: You know this theme of this out which of the following those will be activated as time one right, so how about know how about a changing the statement as a new statement for prism how about we said which.
Xiangguo Sun: Have the following knows.
Xiangguo Sun: This.
Time.
Xiangguo Sun: I think there's two statements are very similar know that the original statement said.
Xiangguo Sun: will be accurate right and the average new statement said which the following those are, or is it limited.
Xiangguo Sun: How about not after time one Okay, so I think now that might be more accurate.
Xiangguo Sun: So if I choose to steam it as newest demand.
Xiangguo Sun: can tell me the credit answer.
Xiangguo Sun: Which of the following though oh I just you know which which nodes which nodes.
Xiangguo Sun: Are is activated out a tough one.
Xiangguo Sun: yeah Thank you Joe.
Xiangguo Sun: it's after two nodes right and that's entry correspond to our previous question here, you know this question and sell it at 20 on over it with the previous one, become inactive so it's all around why, because if I noticed it when he will be activate all of the core of the.
Xiangguo Sun: The process, so if we change this statement here, maybe in an Avatar one only a way for will be activated and the reason is already activated so you have a fan to knows.
Xiangguo Sun: But apparently this person only have not only how one knows right.
Xiangguo Sun: History and that we fought.
Xiangguo Sun: So I don't I don't want to change the statement that and maybe after that you will be you look at it further and deeper understand understanding about this person, and this is my first suggestion to change this, the month right and my second suggestion.
Xiangguo Sun: I encourage you to continue this process until all the nodes have been activated or into the remote stock, so this is my homework for for you guys and and I are you.
Xiangguo Sun: right here.
Xiangguo Sun: So this my first assess.
Xiangguo Sun: distance.
Xiangguo Sun: If you want, if you guys are now preparing for the final exam and you for your you know aggressive for for opportunity that the higher score.
Xiangguo Sun: is my first my second son is.
Xiangguo Sun: You can continue.
Xiangguo Sun: The process.
Xiangguo Sun: model stops.
Xiangguo Sun: This is my suggestion here.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, so if you guys are interested in is to problem Maybe you can just to you know conduct your own custom and post your answer in your piazza and looking forward to your answers Okay, so this person it's a very interesting and I think in our final exams.
Xiangguo Sun: This graph.
Xiangguo Sun: The difficulty of this graph is enough so you'll want to meet any other graph which we are getting more complicated than this, I think this probably is totally complicated and it's the upper bound down around the of the the difficulty.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, so this graph, and this is the the original constantly your lecture about the linear model and, as you can see, the most important thing is, we need to calculate the summation of all the accolades and neighbors here.
Xiangguo Sun: Does does reply to some students question shouldn't you answer be shouldn't your answer be we three and and we too yeah I just as I say, you know.
Xiangguo Sun: The first person to answer is.
Xiangguo Sun: No.
Xiangguo Sun: Oh, you said oh yeah yes, she you know some students.
Xiangguo Sun: argue about our argue this statement so i'd say that that that does think it is.
Xiangguo Sun: Just revisit this question again, you know, in the first initial stage, only v3 is accurate right okay so we'll be right, basically here Okay, so in the.
Xiangguo Sun: In the second stage, I mean at time the one.
Xiangguo Sun: Apparently only way for will be activated so after time one we how we three and we for activated right.
Xiangguo Sun: But that's not the most most difficult part the most difficult the most difficult part is.
Xiangguo Sun: How about.
Xiangguo Sun: Now what's the theme was that stays after time to.
Xiangguo Sun: You know, when we talk about the third stage I mean.
Xiangguo Sun: The date, I mean the the same the status after time time one time to that's a mentor with three and before they are already activated.
Xiangguo Sun: Right so in the initial stage will chat will be three you actually only need to consider with three because.
Xiangguo Sun: into an initial stage stage with four and with this idea, not acted activated but after time we went before has already been activated and so, in the next stage, and what we'll chat a little bit with me to you actually to consider both of these three and four.
Xiangguo Sun: So you need to calculate the summation of all point six and 0.20 yeah yeah I know I, yes, I know you're not in it sorry in this question, you know the history and the week with their boss activated but now i'm now i'm talking and I just you know.
Xiangguo Sun: let's assume that that's assume you're not in the in the town of one that has some with what before is activated you know that's just ignore the value of this age okay yeah that's just ignore that that amount of days that assume that the.
Xiangguo Sun: atom one before it had already been activated and then in another stage will talk about the which who you need to consider before before the end of this way so that's the difference, know that the initial stage.
Xiangguo Sun: What we'll talk about the history, you only consider when we talk about vitriolic and stuff history, but in the future we revisit them we to.
Xiangguo Sun: Do you need to change your you know actually the neighbors so that may be the problem, but apparently for for this statement that the crackdowns is the week three individual I just made a mistake sorry about that Okay, so thank you for the month.
Xiangguo Sun: that's called rebel tongue, one reason, and we need on part time and yeah yeah okay so let's continue about that.
Xiangguo Sun: This is the so the code of the office model, but I think that's not important, because you are not asked to you know implemented this model right you don't need to know the basic idea but small This, I think, if you can repeat the process.
Xiangguo Sun: Before this graph you know you just that.
Xiangguo Sun: To draw the picture like this step one step two step three step four know for this graph if we can continue this process and that that means, this is the code you'll already be familiar with that, and you just need to it's often or not important.
Okay.
Xiangguo Sun: So.
Xiangguo Sun: justin we just talked about the homophobic I will talk about the influence and now we've come to the home of La so here are some mother to calculate the, the home of failing marrying.
Xiangguo Sun: But I don't think it's very important that you just need to be familiar with that and, for example, we just need to know what's the meaning of the age that's about the holiday Linda is defined as this one okay that's enough.
Xiangguo Sun: And what's worse than that wasn't enough for all the new attributes you just need to know this concept another thing that stuff.
Xiangguo Sun: So this is the knowledge very important and the haemophilia, just as the.
Xiangguo Sun: previous day is it started from some similar knows right and and the way clay, now that the singer node can be connected in a field trip, because the because the following the homophobic.
Xiangguo Sun: So that's means the home affiliate model is actually you know gets crazy describe the process now it's selecting single node and get get connected between them, for example, this minister so it's just a random number and to.
Xiangguo Sun: To to to marry that.
Xiangguo Sun: to compare with the similarity between this node because node to node most similar other two nodes more likely to be connected right, so this is the probability are and the to compare with their similarity and if.
Xiangguo Sun: If if the heat and then we just sit out these two nodes and connected with each other to add the edge to the total etc so that's very simple model.
Xiangguo Sun: And then we talked about the inflammation disillusion when we talk about the information diffusion you just need to know it's our tree talking about it, that the.
Xiangguo Sun: Time to process that information start from from one node and then pick go go along a path and then to to the other nodes so that just a simple process, but we have, I think we have another.
Xiangguo Sun: Now that the to calculate them later, and I think i've told them that.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, so this is all important thing being castaways tutorial and then we talked about the heart behavior and also it's also very you know social.
Xiangguo Sun: social media sociological concept and we just need to do was to her behavior was the candidate with that and that's enough, we don't you want me to any.
Xiangguo Sun: You know calculation problem and you just need to be familiar with that, but I strongly recommend you to be familiar with the information cascade because when we talk about inflammation cascade.
Xiangguo Sun: Your will meet our model which very similar to our previous know linear model so that's just directly go to the employment information cascade.
Xiangguo Sun: X Ray I think that information candidate I think it's there's just the same on the same meaning to the information diffusion right, because just talking about the structure of information flowing.
Xiangguo Sun: So to describe the information cascade that we've developed for the independent cascade model with sugar for the ICM and I.
Xiangguo Sun: And please know that the difference between the ICM and our previous method, because.
Xiangguo Sun: We might.
Xiangguo Sun: With because in some problems.
Xiangguo Sun: In the in the front exam maybe you will.
Xiangguo Sun: Come to maybe you will see this to aggregate together, you know in one classroom so doesn't mean maybe you will be confused about it there's two different multiple if you're not familiar with the difference, but all of them, so what's the difference of the ICM model.
Xiangguo Sun: Ever written a number of young traders on linear regression model we stand when you talk about one Petits note, you need to calculate all his neighbors which have already been activated right, but for the independent Quasimodo you don't need to calculate all his neighbors.
Xiangguo Sun: that's the one difference and other difference are I prepare yourself for the linear model if one node is activated he can activity others all the time.
Xiangguo Sun: And that's the reason why I previously leave this homework to you because because I want you why I live with this, the.
Xiangguo Sun: Second, student to you because I want you guys, to know that if a waster it will be three is activated he can activity others or time and if we for this activity is also active which into our time one time two times three right Okay, but when we talk about.
Xiangguo Sun: This model we talk about indeed and the capital model.
Xiangguo Sun: Each node only have one chance to educate others, so that means that no one can activate which will be three.
Xiangguo Sun: And then he can get the result Institute, but after step two we went to not know influence our anymore, so he becomes activated but he also become unseen or he has become you know you know death.
Xiangguo Sun: that's the second difference about it's two different models so that's very, very busy take an overview of this more often this algorithm and we can say.
Xiangguo Sun: The previous setting are very similar travel to the linear therapy model, the only difference is about this one, you know he firstly generate a random number.
Xiangguo Sun: The purpose of generating a random number is our trade for the probability programming right, so this program is a predefined and we just a.
Xiangguo Sun: which I define you know the probability of whether these notes can be activated if there's no to can be activated we just added this know to the ultimate in the activity itself, but please note that this activity itself is a I it's not a.
Xiangguo Sun: You know, a isn't it's not a I mind at one is API so that the meaning of Ai is the activated and knows during step it.
Xiangguo Sun: So that's means alden activity knows the Ai can activate others in the next in the next step right, but all the nose in previous Ai.
Xiangguo Sun: cannot activity others anymore, you know, after this step, so if I should have money Ai you know eight to eight in one a two a three or correspond to the corresponding our States.
Xiangguo Sun: So this graph I think it's similar to the previous graph that's the only different things you know in our previous grab we're going to keep you that starts with the operational but.
Xiangguo Sun: describe having those strategies this graph actually had just done, that age weight off of this, you know in this graph you know that is open the file and open to this is the age of value right yeah this is divided will be provided, but you know, this is just a random loud, it was.
Xiangguo Sun: So arbitrary, you cannot make sure they're all the same right and so that's the only you know.
Xiangguo Sun: And that that's a very similar to our previous to the danger threat model because the linear therapeutic.
Xiangguo Sun: That that's usually random select different from from from zero to one, but we were giving you that that's right right and for the indie Panda and the cascading model.
Xiangguo Sun: The the value is the probability, and that means you also need to random some that to generate some random value to to to make the to make that the probability programming and that must mean this plus this model cannot can also a character can neither be guaranteed to repeat.
Xiangguo Sun: Each time, because you know it, it in the sense that maybe it generates the Middle East oakland for but we repeat this program maybe emerging another different values right, so the only thing we can make sure is that.
Xiangguo Sun: The happen the larger value means the larger probability that means this an agent might be more likely to be selected.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, so that means the age range pretty presented influence probability right Okay, so I think we're arresting past and just have some break we'll come back about a few minutes later okay.
Xiangguo Sun: chiffon propose a question here Okay, and I will come back to answer a question later.
Xiangguo Sun: hear me now.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay.
Xiangguo Sun: i'm ready.
Are.
Xiangguo Sun: You are you guys also.
Xiangguo Sun: Yes to me.
Xiangguo Sun: hey guys a voice.
Xiangguo Sun: it's time that's come back okay okay good Thank you.
Xiangguo Sun: Thank you good Okay, so now let's try to answer some problem propose very skilled and success now.
Xiangguo Sun: that's.
Xiangguo Sun: The first problem.
Xiangguo Sun: As provide some sure it says in the independent model if we weren't as able to act in a bottle which you anniversary we are we to individual people yeah it's totally and it will be both activated.
Xiangguo Sun: Oh, I also know that.
Xiangguo Sun: You know, a future students not attend and this tutorial.
Xiangguo Sun: Might not how I might not understand the question you know.
Xiangguo Sun: If they just watch the recording.
Xiangguo Sun: Because.
Xiangguo Sun: I think, was it is a cousin are very, very important so.
Xiangguo Sun: i'm just going to copy this question on this slide and the allocated to.
Xiangguo Sun: The new student, you know some some some students might not attend today's lecture maybe this is better watch the video, and if they watch the video they cannot see our chatting box so we're going to probably the problem.
Xiangguo Sun: So this gave me some time to add a new on tonight's here.
Xiangguo Sun: yeah Thank you.
Xiangguo Sun: sure.
Xiangguo Sun: copy this picture to the slide because the word include your name here Would you mind me doing that.
Xiangguo Sun: And how to say that you guys are very.
Xiangguo Sun: very, very smart, because today you're proposing any important question, I think, will be very important.
Xiangguo Sun: Yes, thank you for your.
Xiangguo Sun: You know your.
Xiangguo Sun: You can assume activated.
Xiangguo Sun: So this issue okay not going to cover this tradition.
Okay.
Xiangguo Sun: How about this one.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay Okay, so please give him some time to to organize them okay that's just answer this question, one by one.
Xiangguo Sun: The first question.
Xiangguo Sun: The first question, you can refer to our lecture you know and that's that's me find the content in the luxury.
Xiangguo Sun: I sting is it exists in yeah yeah.
Xiangguo Sun: And as you can say this is that accurate description of the independent the customer model right, and please know that in South.
Xiangguo Sun: node activated at time T has one chance at time T plus one to active, it is neighbors you know the neighbors not neighbor.
Xiangguo Sun: So that's me it had one chance to activate all his neighbors so that means you know in this stage the random battery it's just a you know smaller that open the fight, but if we.
Xiangguo Sun: Do before we luckily I just generated up a new random but glad it wasn't meant to be on six that means in the start to both of each and every three you know, should it be.
Xiangguo Sun: activated or story, you know i'm sorry that the aggregation says the random letters should be smaller than the probabilities and then it will be automated yeah so.
Xiangguo Sun: that's assuming that in the other repayment maybe we generated all point oh Point five instead of all point nine that's mean both will be through and he will be activated.
Xiangguo Sun: And I can hear this, the first question Okay, and I see our.
Xiangguo Sun: last day talking about.
Xiangguo Sun: Will and our question is here they don't have fast food or the hell random Internet, this is a threat to the talking about a linear pricing model it's talking about the value of nodes.
Xiangguo Sun: You know the linear linear model we actually have two kinds of values than me.
Xiangguo Sun: but rather how to kind of the first battle is the age of it, you know, it is about this age matter is not the probability it just that the age weight, or you can say it's just that the.
Xiangguo Sun: The fraction of the total the total influence right so it's just the influence, but the open eight is such as that the thread food and we just come here whether this.
Xiangguo Sun: influence is larger than a certitude okay it doesn't have the you know the probability things, but in the individual value in the sacrament, we can say.
Xiangguo Sun: We can see.
Xiangguo Sun: We don't have the 30th right.
Xiangguo Sun: But you can also treat this possibility, as some somehow very soon, because we always compare the generous divided, to the corresponding know as well.
Xiangguo Sun: that the different thing is the general notion of be smaller than the edge and then you can see, this know to add to the others, but in the Lunar surface model, if I remember right it says i'm sorry there's another vendor.
Xiangguo Sun: yeah you can see, the total you know some major should be larger than the slow slow down, you can see, it should actually others so that's the third different thing that that the only difference in.
Xiangguo Sun: Another classroom.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay let's go back to the.
Xiangguo Sun: newness.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, another question.
Xiangguo Sun: And if we can enter basically our boss activity by we weren't.
Xiangguo Sun: We.
Xiangguo Sun: were not alone i'm sorry.
Xiangguo Sun: Not.
Xiangguo Sun: use it in for week two and the week three.
Xiangguo Sun: balls activated but we weren't okay.
Xiangguo Sun: Leave forced.
Xiangguo Sun: By we won't be frustrated.
Xiangguo Sun: i'm not sure what they're talking about.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, you said before serving food.
Xiangguo Sun: With her has no food in the independent testimonial we're not.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, you know.
Xiangguo Sun: You know.
Xiangguo Sun: john how with john jolly this person I think may not clear, but I think this President is a very important you know because it actually talking about one important thing you know the man in the middle of an independent has the cascading model, why we call that independent.
Xiangguo Sun: What he called an independent, you know, for example, maybe that let's just ignore this rather than later okay so maybe in in the second step.
Xiangguo Sun: We to innovate they're both activates okay so Then we come to step three and we need to talk with me to come out before.
Xiangguo Sun: So how to compare before you know in our previous linear serves food which you just need to calculate the summation of all the way through, because we took with their post activated right now we come to independent customer model.
Xiangguo Sun: Shall we do we need to calculate the summation of way to an MP3.
Xiangguo Sun: See ya find said no, yes, this is a correct answer we can never calculated the summation why we cannot calculate the summation because this model is the independent model, the independent means we to the independent means that the who can directly.
Xiangguo Sun: decide before state and the v3 can also directly decide before think vr to independent tasks, so you don't need to calculate the summation that means.
Xiangguo Sun: If we chew and refer a boat, or if a way to end with your boss activated in the second step when we come to the third step when we come to be for you just need to.
Xiangguo Sun: First, consider this path, I mean we to 234 and two tickets to evaluate them better way for can be activated by virtue if we for can be activated done before, is activated.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, and then you can come to this path v3 to before and you consider bother with with three can add to that before if we if we will return activity that done it activated so that means at least one has success.
Xiangguo Sun: The V4 can be activated.
Xiangguo Sun: that's the meaning why we call it the independent because they're not you know they're not correlated and I hope I hope it.
Xiangguo Sun: makes clear, your confusion and other questions here let's just go back to the.
Xiangguo Sun: CMO.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, so, so this is the second and then of course instead.
Xiangguo Sun: According to the lecture the biggest difference between linear says komodo and the independent has the model is the APP to the time.
Xiangguo Sun: And though the calcium can act to add another time, one more time to time through, yes, but I see i'm just can't until except node at time than a year, a specific time and only one shows.
Xiangguo Sun: If you're missing, this time, you can never actually others a little tree Okay, in terms of natural a node has been already activated it should have remained at the state, yes, so what's the meaning for out here once one node as our nose at one time two times three.
Xiangguo Sun: This concern this very, very advanced.
Xiangguo Sun: Actually, I cannot give a very comprehensive cancer, but I just need to provide some suggestion or some you know some shallow understanding for me Okay, so you know that out here and ICM can be actually treated as two basic patterns in our real life.
Xiangguo Sun: That doesn't consider a situation if one person want to promote his production okay.
Xiangguo Sun: Do you think he just.
Xiangguo Sun: retired his.
Xiangguo Sun: advertisement for one time I don't think so because he can tell his friends today, and he tells his friend and other day.
Xiangguo Sun: And he will just continue telling others for for to to promoting these products right, so I think this is a very similar or or you can see, this process that can be modeled by the by the our GM model.
Xiangguo Sun: By the for the ICM model I think it's actually focused on the folks on the receiver you know the lts I think the folks on the Sander.
Xiangguo Sun: It focused on me who want to promote my promote my production, so I just you know, keeping you know telling our friend today another day another day right.
Xiangguo Sun: But when you talk about the ic model I think it's been more know hey pay more attention on the receiver So can I be affected by other people's.
Xiangguo Sun: If one person at a felony and if the success, but then I will be you know other be.
Xiangguo Sun: assaulted right so that's enough, so I think that's the difference between or the real word meaning of about the out here, and as them but i'm not sure whether my answer is, you know, is totally actress but it's just you know, really.
Xiangguo Sun: Comprehensive understanding shallow shallow understanding, but I encourage you to to.
Xiangguo Sun: To to research, this topics further and maybe you will find a more deeper understanding and the solutions.
Xiangguo Sun: Thank you for the question, I think that this person is very good, thank you, thank you alicia another question ah OK, you guys are very.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, good good so they keep asking the question okay.
Xiangguo Sun: I think it's a little hard for me to hold on this on a session Okay, you might try iceberg, the chatroom you might you're not trying as brother shattered coghlan upload.
Xiangguo Sun: Can I can I find that attractive old if I just did a quick Eva it says the enclave.
Xiangguo Sun: asking us some must, it must cream frozen different might be, because my mama I didn't show more important things, but my screen.
Xiangguo Sun: i'm curious why that algorithm is called linear model is it simple because the criteria is an altimeter then as a linear form Okay, this is also perfect very good.
Xiangguo Sun: Customer, thank you for this, because in that, and I think you know you'll need to send yourself, because today, you answer to my question, I think that will be helpful.
Xiangguo Sun: For other students were not attend attending today's on a tutorial okay let's just show up every day explanation about the leaner things, so why don't we call that a leaner okay.
Xiangguo Sun: Before that, I just want to know.
Xiangguo Sun: You know, just as a previous that you know for the linear stressful model, we need to compare the summation and the and the.
Xiangguo Sun: And the dreadful right, so we just need to calculate the estimation, and I personally think I personally think.
Xiangguo Sun: that the name leaner is correlated with the summation because in.
Xiangguo Sun: machine learning or data mining will your will sink money you know similar of farmers and we will require that the linear you know, for example, would be two months into a.
Xiangguo Sun: multiply by w class by be and we call those the gender relations right and that this thing is just a we calculate the.
Xiangguo Sun: summation of the of the.
Xiangguo Sun: Age weight and the actually you can say is, you can see.
Xiangguo Sun: In the real world, maybe the way to have some information than the research, maybe have some information so actually it can be organized and electric here.
Xiangguo Sun: And now we just you know in this lecture we just simply considered that influence right will be considered the summation of a REACH of the.
Xiangguo Sun: The weight of this age and the weight of the of the sad part that imagine the real world situation is, is it possible to just simply considered the influence.
Xiangguo Sun: I think we should also consider Boston in through us and the in the information itself.
Xiangguo Sun: So actually in the real world situation you actually need to tell the information on all the content, I mean the content of will be true, and then you tell me how much it can provide or either can influence the next knows.
Xiangguo Sun: Right so maybe we can say the 20% of the information can be flow from the from from from way to to before or maybe 20% of them information is useful for before.
Xiangguo Sun: So actually in a real water station you just need to calculate the multiplication of this age value and the know the information, but apparently in this graph we don't.
Xiangguo Sun: We don't stop the plan is the any not enough, we know the information here, so this Justice said the summation of Omega.
Xiangguo Sun: But, but in the real life, I think we actually need to take the summation of Omega magic side by the corresponding those information, so I think that's amazing well we call that that the linear sounds good.
Xiangguo Sun: But this is just my personal understanding okay it's, not that I don't think whether it is the.
Xiangguo Sun: Answer things about that.
Xiangguo Sun: Data TV has my question.
Xiangguo Sun: let's take some time okay nevermind how.
Xiangguo Sun: This enough in both cases.
Xiangguo Sun: The note will activate.
Xiangguo Sun: Is rescued value randomly generated properly valid is that, then he can combine at value.
Xiangguo Sun: shall be hard right, I think, a month pronounces right, you said, the value should be less than as well, but I think that's not correct in our in the.
Xiangguo Sun: In the in the independent model, a model that gender randomly generated vanish to be smaller than the probability or than the edible right, but in the linear model, we can say is should be sorry not this is to be larger than good larger or equivalent to the.
Xiangguo Sun: So I think the other thing.
Xiangguo Sun: let's go back to to to the question yeah.
Xiangguo Sun: Think about information by.
Xiangguo Sun: Under the influence some notes can get information so any of their parents or the Catholic influence we have some influence on paper in pounds.
Xiangguo Sun: Yes, they're talking right, and I think you're talking about the dinner very good information why because it leaders this information with that right, thank you bye dad.
Xiangguo Sun: that's very okay good.
Xiangguo Sun: I think I.
Xiangguo Sun: Think, so no more cancer right Thank you guys.
Xiangguo Sun: And i'm just going to pester this cosmic yeah.
Xiangguo Sun: So.
Xiangguo Sun: If a student, if you are not attending this on a tutorial you are now watching this video.
Xiangguo Sun: Here are some.
Xiangguo Sun: informative question proposal dollar student today and I just to.
Xiangguo Sun: Give the answer to them, so you just need to go back to the video and watch them OK let's continue okay.
Xiangguo Sun: With talk about the Indian handed consumer model.
Xiangguo Sun: And this this summary of the independent model and for the summary, I think the most important things you need to make it clear, the difference between the independent Quasimodo and the linear model.
Xiangguo Sun: Previously, I take I found at the data three differences The first one is that the linen service model can activate other no other knows all the time, you know the.
Xiangguo Sun: But the independent the customer them each activity and modal just had one chance to influence others, this one different seven different this linear model should be compared with.
Xiangguo Sun: Some Asian right that the summation ended up threshold if that I just submitted larger than the surface, it can be.
Xiangguo Sun: The tiger, to know that can be automated but differently in the independent that's the model we calculate.
Xiangguo Sun: The profanity we compare it with the random and then that the random ungenerous the value and the best possibility, if it is smaller than the probability, we can see our there's no can act with the other knows that the second difference.
Xiangguo Sun: The difference, I think it's the name, you know the linnean the linear.
Xiangguo Sun: model is talking about the summation of all he's a neighbor all his accolades and neighbors but the independent model.
Xiangguo Sun: You just need to know just a stressful one had a snow, you know, maybe it's camp, he has multiple activating neighbors but only but other than one neighbor can activate the tide is no then this know that can be activated.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, so it is things.
Xiangguo Sun: Here okay good.
Xiangguo Sun: Today, just to share with you can see the chat.
Xiangguo Sun: to share.
Xiangguo Sun: This is the caption contest to open that.
Xiangguo Sun: Oh, he does done.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, thank you, thank you for for this situation okay.
Xiangguo Sun: This is the different model, and I think that's the very this true model, I think it will be definitely exerting our final exam and the more time they might be come together in automated so it's very important to make the difference.
Xiangguo Sun: OK, so the NUTS things I think will be very easy and then maybe not you know very.
Xiangguo Sun: Just to relax about.
Xiangguo Sun: The next book content this about the most influential set so how to I think you just need to be familiar with some concept, though, so how to find the most influential said let's say.
Xiangguo Sun: let's say if, in the very nature stage we don't know which guys should be.
Xiangguo Sun: should be activated.
Xiangguo Sun: Maybe we just randomly select some some some of those for them, maybe you just select.
Xiangguo Sun: select.
Xiangguo Sun: A mid.
Xiangguo Sun: Mid mid mid they are initially are activated so as we can say through the analyzes of the linear logical model and independent the customer model we can find that even in the interim those different.
Xiangguo Sun: you'll also get different publication process right so that means not all the know not all those can be activated in the end, but it's highly correlated that with your with your in the initial activity and others, so we want to find this note that can make the influence.
Xiangguo Sun: maximums to in order to influence.
Xiangguo Sun: Ah, many either knows, you know as many as possible, so the here we come to to to to to this person does the how to find the initial set.
Xiangguo Sun: This problem is very meaningful in our real life, for example, if I are produced some productions, if I want to promote to the title people, but I have limited money you know, maybe I only have $100 to how to fully.
Xiangguo Sun: utilize what happened to her daughters to make my promoting no more most influential to influence as many as possible people here.
Xiangguo Sun: So that I mean I need to carefully selected some initial knows initial people to influence them to make sure if you're activated and then maybe they can be they can actually others but but by themselves so that's the difference that's the basic problem of this slide.
Xiangguo Sun: And here, here we also provide some some some concepts.
Xiangguo Sun: This function F test them, meaning the the.
Xiangguo Sun: gains or the benefits, where you active.
Xiangguo Sun: knows.
Xiangguo Sun: denoted by us and we just need to find.
Xiangguo Sun: We need to compare a different strategy, for example, maybe some students may choose as the as the initial set some students may choose.
Xiangguo Sun: AC as the initial set and some students may choose to add add that in the result but different initial station cars very different.
Xiangguo Sun: You know influence or or different publications, so we did a compare the influence of what is two different offer the three strategy, and we want to find the larger ones, because.
Xiangguo Sun: Because the initial because it did function larger doesn't mean we We just need to use lower cost to to promote our production.
Xiangguo Sun: And here we can find to to find the best choice of the.
Xiangguo Sun: Initial attitude knows it's very hard at the actor cannot be calculated by by existing computer, so we call that an MP hard problem, but some students might be confused about is termed NP hard what's the main of me hard.
Xiangguo Sun: You don't understand the code this concept is totally out of scope.
Xiangguo Sun: If you want, if you're interested if you're only interested in that empty hard problem, maybe you need to first learn some you know some advanced algorithms and some do.
Xiangguo Sun: You need a strong mathematical background, so I think that's means this graph the content of this style is not important it doesn't do be familiar with that you don't need to know that that the most influences that can be treated as a set of our problem that's enough.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, so here I don't think the continent of these slides can be exam or finance down so just to be relaxed about that.
Xiangguo Sun: And here we provide a great algorithm to help you to find the best choice of the initial set, but since we prepare said, we cannot find that the best that initial sad.
Xiangguo Sun: Because it's empty heart problem so that mean this query the algorithm can not find the you know the the global optimal solution, but he can find that you know the local optimal solution.
Xiangguo Sun: So maybe the answers, or the results of this algorithm is no is better than you randomly select some notes, but apparently it cannot be guaranteed to find the best choice because if you come because, if it is a croma can find a better choice that means.
Xiangguo Sun: All exist in the real world application can attribute their.
Xiangguo Sun: Max know prohibit or mass.
Xiangguo Sun: What personal best to up largest sorry larger the benefits right, but apparently that's not realistic it's not practical.
Xiangguo Sun: So also just need to be familiar with that and they understand the theory and that's enough.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay, so Essentially, we have introduced solid content on his face and again don't forget to do they have total wanted, because when you're on the go also you only have a few days are finished that.
Xiangguo Sun: I do have any other concern here.
Xiangguo Sun: If you don't have any questions that come to the end of this tutorial.
Xiangguo Sun: Okay.
Xiangguo Sun: Thank you, thank you guys and today with how 34 students are coming here that's very amazing.
Xiangguo Sun: I want to thank you for appearing compliment, thank you.
Xiangguo Sun: See you.
Xiangguo Sun: cannot discuss with you, but I can even though breaking out room and, yes, you can mean to me anytime but, but please you know, make it an appointment as it is to want to help because you know just.
Xiangguo Sun: This afternoon I need to meet at that is the three students, so today might be not, but you can make an appointment later.
Xiangguo Sun: send me email to to make an appointment and looking forward to meeting okay i'm going to stop my online tutorial Okay, thank you see ya.